[CUBRIDQA-860] add rqg test guide (#576)
CUBRID/cubrid-testtools: doc/rqg_guide.md

# 1. Test Objective

> This guide is introduced to how to perform a RQG test. The RQG test is amed to test CUBRID stability especially in terms of server crash. It generates various of querys(update/delete/insert/select) automatically based on grammar files and executes these queries in parallel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide is to introduce RQG test. The RQG test is amed to test CUBRID stability especially in terms of server crash. It randomly generates various of queries (UPDATE/DELETE/INSERT/SELECT and others) automatically based on grammar files and executes these queries with many threads.
```

> # 2. Test Tools

Reviewer: Merge `#2` and `#3` chapters.
And adjust order as first installation, then usage.

## 2.1 CTP 
The RQG test is an extension of shell test. RQG test cases are executed via CTP.

## 2.2 random_query_generator 

> It is an external tool provided by MySQL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is an external tool. Test case can find it via `RQG_HOME` environmental variable.
```
